hey guys happy 50 Thursday I am here to
show you my next favorite item that is
on the kind of lower end at least
expensive side and that item is the NYX
slide on eyeliner pencil so now I have a
probably but is it six right here such
little power I can't kill I six of them
right here so I'm gonna go through the
shades what these are these are an
eyeliner it's kind of one of those creme
point style pencils
now when I say creme point so it looks
like a pencil just like a regular pencil
but if you can tell the actual tip of it
is like a cream eyeliner so it's
basically a hardened cream eyeliner or
when you think about cream liner anyway
it tends to be in the pot you have to
use a brush these are creamy enough you
go right in with a brush or they glide
right across the skin really smoothly
you could see it right there
let me do it like this so there's no
tugging glides right on these are the
NYX slide on glide on eyeliner pencils
so hence the reason they slide right on
but either way six shades of these here
they stay waterproof on the skin and
they're really creamy going on not so
hard to really use not much else I can
say about that if you're a fan of like
the urban decay pencils the 24 7s the
Milani liquify any of those style
pencils I suggest honestly giving these
a try they're about five dollars or six
dollars putting on where you pick them
up but either way let me go through the
shades I have because that's kind of
what I'm really itching to show you guys
because there's some really pretty
colors in here I have the one in jet
black which is kind of the staple one
I'll show them kind of in order
hopefully and the black is a pretty dark
glossy black it actually really reminds
me of perversion from Urban Decay you
can see it's a lot darker than what I
would say zero is shown so that's that
one right there I'm gonna try to go in
order see the next one I have is oh no
my title has gone on this one
I'm assuming it's white because it's
white but could be something else
and this saved me money actually cuz I
was gonna buy what is it
yay go I think from Urban Decay is the
white one I don't have to there's the
white the next one is a silver one this
is called platinum let's see that's
really pretty and it's really similar to
the Milani silver one but this one's
almost got a faint sparkle to it there's
the silver one really liked that one a
lot the next one is
papaya that's the green one here by the
way this one's almost got a golden kind
of iridescent green papaya a little less
pigmented than the others but no biggie
the next one is purple blaze this is
probably it's here by the way there is
purple blaze and then the last one I
have here is Azure which I'm assuming
means blue and this one is actually
almost like dead-on a complete dupe for
Urban Decay's electric 24/7 so anyways
color is like this here at the end
you're not going to be using them every
single day this is obviously a great
thing where if you do want to try
something like Urban Decay's electric
and you can't convince yourself to spend
the $18.00 on eyeliner you may use two
to three times a month you can now spend
five bucks on one and that's it
so as far as they know also sells before
collection of these so if you're in the
states like I am you can pick these up
at Ulta I've actually seen Nick's at
gosh where is it the is it I want to say
it's Meijer part of not Meijer something
else Hartman's Hartman's the Hartman's
part of Bed Bath & Beyond so if you have
a Bed Bath & Beyond that has the Harmon
section in it you'll find NYX there I
don't know if they have these there yet
but they do have NYX they're cherry
culture calm you can order it from NYX
but those are pretty much the places you
can get it that I know of here if you're
outside of the US I'm sorry but Google
is this exists for a reason I don't off
top my head though but that's everything
so really creamy glides on rubbing my
hand over it the blackheads is still
moving a little I guess that one I did
layer a lot it hasn't set but the rest
of them haven't really moved so it's
pretty good I was just rubbing my hand
over them by the way and I have ran
water over these just to test to see how
well they are and then I've actually
worn me black myself tightlining cuz
that's what I wear everyday I'll kind of
zoom in for you so you can see I do
tight line with a black pencil right on
my body or my top lash line and the
black wasn't as long-lasting as my NARS
pencil but the NARS one is a little
drier in texture so it's not as creamy
so you kind of give up the creaminess of
this for that but the thing is that's
also $24 so that's the
friends hopefully you guys enjoyed this
thanks again for your watching my 50
Thursday videos I hope you guys have
enjoyed all of them and yeah I'm still
15 all right bye